Update cost-insights.md (#9702)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/cost-insights.md

Cost Insights supports both Amazon Redshift Serverless and provisioned cluster deployments. dbt detects your deployment type automatically when testing the connection.

> Note: On Redshift, we attribute cost using the query comments dbt injects into each query. If another process overrides or strips those comments, we cannot tie the query back to its dbt model, and its cost won't be attributed. Ensure nothing in your setup removes or replaces dbt's query comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
On Redshift, dbt attributes query costs using the comments it automatically injects into each query. If another process removes or replaces these comments, dbt can't tie the query back to its model, and its cost won't be attributed. Make sure nothing in your Redshift environment removes or replaces dbt's query comments.
:::
```
